com/tahakassar/ecommerce/CustomDialog.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.CustomDialog
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/MainActivity.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.MainActivity
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/models/User.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.models.User
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/BrandDetailsActivity.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.BrandDetailsActivity
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.BrandDetailsActivity$1
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/models/Category.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.models.Category
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/AboutUsFragment.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.AboutUsFragment
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/controllers/RatingController.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.controllers.RatingController
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/LoadingDialog.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.LoadingDialog
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/adapters/ViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.adapters.ViewPagerAdapter
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/controllers/UpdateProfileController.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.controllers.UpdateProfileController
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/models/Brand.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.models.Brand
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/SplashScreenActivity.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.SplashScreenActivity
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/HomeFragment.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.HomeFragment
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.HomeFragment$1
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.HomeFragment$1$1
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.HomeFragment$2
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.HomeFragment$2$1
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/BasicData.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.BasicData
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/BuildConfig.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.BuildConfig
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/APIInterface.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.APIInterface
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/controllers/RegisterController.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.controllers.RegisterController
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/controllers/AboutUsController.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.controllers.AboutUsController
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/MapsActivity.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.MapsActivity
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/ProfileFragment.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.ProfileFragment
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/adapters/BrandAdapter.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.adapters.BrandAdapter
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.adapters.BrandAdapter$ViewHolder
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/controllers/LoginController.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.controllers.LoginController
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/LoginActivity.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.LoginActivity
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/controllers/BrandDetailsController.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.controllers.BrandDetailsController
com/tahakassar/ecommerce/RegisterActivity.java
 com.tahakassar.ecommerce.RegisterActivity
